Update build from source documentation (#3029)
centerofci/mathesar: docs/docs/installation/build-from-source/index.md

    sudo useradd gunicorn -g gunicorn
    ```

> 1. Add gunicorn user ownership to .media directory

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Make the `gunicorn` user the owner of the `.media` directory
```
